among all the deities of Heaven there
was one famous laughingstock of the
three realms
can I get some appreciation for a banger
opening line
that is an excellent opening line for so
many reasons that I can't go into
because this is not a live stream about
writing but just suffice to say
opening line
Legend has it that 800 years ago there
was an ancient Kingdom in the central
plains called the kingdom of Shenley
we hope the kingdom of Shenley was a
vast and bountiful land there were four
treasure Treasures within it abundant
and handsome Beauties vibrant music and
marvelous literature golden gems and
their one Infamous Crown Prince
what would be the best way to describe
this Crown Prince well he was a unique
man he was beloved by the king and queen
and they doted upon him exorbitantly
they would often say with pride my son
will become a great ruler in the future
and his good name Will echo down through
history
however the Crown Prince was not
interested in Imperial power or wealth
in the mortal world at all what he was
interested in in his own words was I
want to save the common people
when he was young the Crown Prince
focused solely on his cultivation and
there were two short tales that were
widely spread of his time on that path
the first tale took place when he was 17
years old
that year who the grand
Heavenly ceremonial procession took
place in the Kingdom of Shenley
although the custom of conducting these
Divine ceremonies has been out of
fashion for centuries it is still
possible to deduce what a grand jubilant
occasion it must have been from remnants
of ancient books and oral tradition
Festival
upon the Grand Avenue of divine might
Seas of people gathered on either side
of the Grand Street with Royals and
Nobles talking and laughing in merriment
Atop The High platforms the Glorious
Royal Warriors bedeckton armor opened
the paths while mavens danced elegantly
their Fair hands scattering flowers and
who could say whether the flowers or the
maidens were more beautiful
from within the golden Carriage came
marvelous music that drifted across the
entire Imperial City and at the rear of
the procession was a grand stage pulled
by 16 white horses in Golden bridles
upon this Tower in Grand stage stood the
god pleasing Warrior and focus of
everyone's attention
at the Heavenly ceremonial procession
the god pleasing Warrior wore a golden
mask dressed in glamorous attire and
with a sacred sword in hand he played
the role of the subduer of evil the
number one martial God for the past
Thousand Years the Heavenly Emperor Jun
Wu
it was the greatest of honors to be
chosen for the role of the god pleasing
Warrior which was why the selection
criteria were exceedingly strict thus
the one chosen that year was that Crown
Prince people across the kingdom believe
that he would give the most thrilling
performance as the god-pleasing warrior
however an accident happened that day
during the third tour of the procession
it passed by a city wall that was
hundreds of meters tall at the time the
Marshall got upon the grand stage was
just about to strike the demon down it
was the climax of the performance with
people on both sides of the street at
the height of excitement the top of the
city wall swarmed with crowds clamoring
to watch the show pushing and shoving
each other to get the best view
at that moment a small child fell from
the edge of the wall
the screams of the crowd reached to the
heavens just when everyone thought this
child would stain the Grand Avenue of
divine might with blood the Crown Prince
looked up leapt into flight and caught
the boy
the people only saw a glimpse of a white
silhouette that flew like a soaring bird
before the Crown Prince landed with that
small child in his arms the golden mask
fell revealing the young handsome face
behind it
in the next second cheers erupted the
people were thrilled and joyous but the
state preceptors of Royal cultivation
Hall were troubled they had never
imagined such a huge mishap would occur
this was ominous luck the gravest of
misfortunes every trip the grand stage
made around the imperial capital
symbolized one year of peace and Harmony
within the kingdom now that it was cut
short did that not mean the invitation
of disaster
the state preceptors were so distraught
they were losing hair as fast as the
rain fell after much contemplation they
called The Crown Prince over to speak to
him and the softest manner possible they
requested your highness might you be
willing to face the wall in reflection
for a month it does not really need to
be a month as long as the intention is
there the Crown Prince smiled no
this was what he said there is nothing
wrong with saving people why would the
heavens condemn me for doing the right
thing
hang on
hang on that's the
early overwhelming wave of falling in
love okay
I'm gonna be fine
um but what if the heavens do condemn
you
then it is the heavens who are wrong why
would I apologize to those who are wrong
page page one two three four page four
mark it down page four page four
I fell in love with page four
what took her so long
could not argue the Crown Prince was
this Crown Prince was such a person
he had never encountered anything he
could not do nor had he ever met anyone
who did not love him he was the Justice
of the Mortal realm the center of the
world although the state preceptors were
frustrated what the heck do you know it
was not their place to say much and they
did not dare say more on the subject
either His Highness would not have
listened anyway
that's a scene break towards the middle
of page 14.
oh
did I miss uh
oh no it's coming up there's a um
footnote
the second tale takes place in the same
year when the Crown Prince was 17.
Legend has it that south of the Yellow
River there was a bridge called Union
we'll go with that Union on which there
is a footnote that means one thought or
fleeting thought this is also the first
half of the idiom wrong decision made in
a moment of weakness
that's not foreboding in the slightest
upon this bridge was a ghost that had
been lingering for years
this ghost was exceedingly fearsome it
was clad and broken armor the Flames of
Hell blazed beneath its feet and its
body was covered in blood and pierced by
all manner of sharp weapons
every step it took it left behind a
footprint of blood and fire every few
years it would suddenly appear at night
and wander back and forth at the head of
the bridge blocking travelers to ask
them three questions
what is this place who am I what is to
be done
the ghost would then devour whoever
answered incorrectly
however no one knew what the correct
answers were as the years went by this
ghost devoured countless Travelers
during his I you know here's an English
word I could never remember how to
pronounce out loud because I've only
read it so much is it ascetic
a-s-c-e-t-i-c I believe it's ascetic
I could be wrong
during his ascetic travel the Crown
Prince caught word of this so he set out
and found a union bridge and stood guard
there night after night until finally
one night he met the haunting ghost
when that ghost appeared it was indeed
as horrifying as the legend said it
asked the Crown Prince the first
question and he answered with a smile
this place is the human world
however the ghost replied this place is
the abyss an auspicious start the first
answer was already incorrect
well all three answers are going to be
wrong anyway the Crown Prince thought so
why should I wait till you're done and
so he pulled out his weapon and lunged
the fight was complete chaos the Crown
Prince was skilled in martial arts but
the ghost was terrifying and dauntless
man and ghost fought so hard that the
Sun and Moon began to topple in the end
the ghost was finally defeated
after the ghost vanished the Crown
Prince planted a flowering tree at the
head of the bridge as he did so a
cultivator passed by and happened to see
him sprinkle a handful of dirt to
consecrate the grave and send the ghost
off
what is this he asked and thus the Crown
Prince replied with his now famous line
body in the abyss part in Paradise
I'm writing that all over my walls as we
speak
when the cultivator heard this he gave a
light smile he then transformed into a
Divine Warrior clad in white armor with
auspicious clouds beneath his feet
then he drew in the wind and rode off in
Holy Light
only then did the Crown Prince realize
that he had just encountered the
Heavenly Emperor who had personally
descended to the Mortal realm to subdue
evil the deities had already taken
notice of this exceedingly outstanding
god-pleasing Warrior since his time when
the Shanghai Heavenly ceremonial
procession
after the meeting at Union Bridge they
asked the Heavenly Emperor how does my
Lord find this Royal Highness the
emperor answered this child's future is
infinite
that could be really good or like really
bad
that night a Celestial phenomenon
manifested in the skies above the palace
and storms raged amidst the flashes of
lightning and the Roars of Thunder the
Crown Prince ascended we're never
Immortal ascended the Heavenly realm
always shook when the Crown Prince
ascended the entire Heavenly realm
quaked outright with three times the
normal tremors
achieving fruitful cultivation was
always far too difficult it required
Talent training and luck it was often a
long road of a hundred years for a God
to be born
it was not that there were no Fortunate
Souls who became deities at a young age
however the majority who tried exhausted
their entire lives changed for 100 years
and still had no Heavenly tribulations
dawned upon them even if they did come
face even they even if they did come to
face a Heavenly tribulation should they
fail the trial they would die or be
ruined if they managed to survive
those who made the attempt were as
numerous as the Sands of the Ganges
but most were simply ignorant Mortals
who would spend their entire lives as
nothing more than ordinary never finding
their own paths
yet this Royal Highness was no doubt the
darling of the heavens
whatever he wanted he received whatever
he wanted to do he succeeded he wanted
to ascend and become a God so at the age
of 17 he did just that oh this has given
me some 17 year old weibusan vibes
he had always led the hearts of the
people and the king and queen loved him
missed him dearly so to honor their son
the king ordered great temples and
shrines to be built across the land and
for statues of the Crown Prince to be
erected and worshiped by all
the more Believers that were amassed the
more temples were constructed that meant
the crown Prince's life would be more
prolonged and his spiritual Powers would
grow more powerful
thus in a few short years the
shin lay
Palace of the Crown Prince became
incomparably glorious and for a Time its
prosperity and Splendor reached its peak
until three years later when Shanley
fell into chaos
the cause of the chaos was tyranny with
Rebels rising in Revolt however while
the Flames of War were set Ablaze all
over the mortal world the deities of the
Heavenly realm could not easily
intervene their concerns were ghosts
monsters and demons that encroached on
the borders and whatever fell outside of
those parameters had to be left to its
own devices
think about it conflicts were everywhere
in the Mortal realm and everyone
believed they were Justified so if any
God were to stick a foot in well today
you would be today you would back your
former Kingdom tomorrow another would
avenge his descendants thus there would
not be Gods who wanted to fight each
other all the time who would fall into a
life of disgrace
that was why the Crown Prince needed to
keep his distance but he did not care
for that reasoning in the least he said
to the Heavenly Emperor I will save the
common people
the Heavenly Emperor possessed a
thousand years of divine power but even
he did not dare let those words hang off
his lips
when he heard this it was easy to
imagine how he felt yet he could not do
anything to stop the Crown Prince so he
said
you cannot save everyone
I can the Crown Prince declared
foreshadowing the entire point of
everything and his art and how much pain
we're in for it no that's fine that's
good
outright statement of uh what's to come
in the first few pages
something you gotta knock off the list
when you're opening a novel
um
thus he descended to the Mortal realm
without looking back
naturally the whole nation of Sean poo
I had it I lost it I'll get it back
again Chun lay
rejoiced
however ever since ancient times there
had been one truth that people always
spoke of in the human world there would
never be a good outcome when God's
descended to the Mortal realm without
permission
you know that's actually probably a safe
rule of thumb to go by
let's let's be honest and so not only
were the Flames of War not extinguished
they blazed even Wilder
it was not to say that the Crown Prince
did not try but it would have been
better had he not intervened at all the
harder he worked the more of a mess the
war became the people of Chandler were
devastatingly battered and crushed the
wounded and casualties innumerable and
in the end a plague swept through the
entire imperial capital and the rebel
Army broke through to the palace and
ended the war
if it was said that Chandler was
originally Hanging On by a thread then
the Crown Prince came and cut it
directly
fell the people finally came to realize
one thing the Crown Prince they
worshiped as a God was never as perfect
or strong as they imagined
to speak harshly was he not just useless
trash who could not do anything right
damn
I mean
he [__] broke his back trying but you
know go off I guess 180.
without anywhere to vent the anguish and
pain of losing their homes and families
The Battered people furiously poured
into the Palaces of the Crown Prince
toppled his Divine statues and burned
down the Divine temples
180 might be an understatement at this
point
eight thousand temples burned for seven
days and seven nights burned until there
was nothing left
from that moment on the martial God who
protected peace and safety vanished and
a God of Misfortune who brought
disasters was born
man we continue to get
away with fan vibes in a good way in a
very good way
when the people call you a God you are a
God if they call you crap you are crap
you are whatever they say you are it has
all it had always been thus man I could
write an essay about celebrity right now
and the Judgment of just random ass
people I'm fine it's fine I'm not
getting on that soapbox
oh
the Crown Prince could not the Crown
Prince could absolutely not accept this
reality and he had an even harder time
accepting the punishment he received for
his transgressions banishment
his spiritual Powers were sealed and he
was knocked back down to the Mortal
Realm
he'd grown up endlessly coddled and
pampered he had never tasted the
suffering of the human world before yet
this punishment hurled him from the
clouds down into the mud and in this mud
for the first time he understood the
taste of hunger poverty and filth
this was also the first time that he did
things he never thought he would do
willingly he stole he robbed he cursed
loudly and he gave up on himself
he lost all dignity no self-esteem
remained and he was as unkempt as one
could be
even his most loyal servants could not
accept this change in him and chose to
leave
body in the abyss part in Paradise
this phrase had been engraved on Stone
monuments and plaques everywhere in
Shenley
if not for the war that had burned
almost all of the Kingdom to the ground
if the Crown Prince were to see the
remnants of those words he would
probably be the first to rush to destroy
what was left
the person who had said those words had
personally proven that when the body was
in the abyss the heart could not be in
Paradise
he ascended to the heavens quickly but
his Fall From Grace was even faster that
awe-inspiring impression at the Grand
Avenue of divine might the evil he met
at Union Bridge it all seemed as if it
were only yesterday and the Heavenly
realm merely sighed for a while before
letting go of what was passed
until one day many years later a huge
Rumble thundered from the sky this Royal
Highness ascended for the second time
throughout history Heavenly officials
who were banished either never regained
their Glory or fell into the ghost realm
it was rare to turn over a new Leaf
after banishment the second Ascension
was truly Grand and spectacular
what was even more spectacular was that
after he ascended he charged all the way
into the Heavenly realm and rampaged in
full Fury thus he had only been ascended
for the span of one incense time before
he was knocked back down again
we're taking a second to absorb there
we're just um
yeah a moment just a freaking moment
one incense time it could be considered
the swiftest and shortest Ascension in
history this is the type of well-meaning
disaster that I [__] live for
she is giving it to me once again
if the first Ascension could be
considered a beautiful tale then the
second Ascension was a farce
having been banished Twice The Heavenly
realm looked upon this Crown Prince with
full contempt and in that contempt there
was caution after all he was already
threatening and on edge after the first
banishment now that he had been banished
twice would he not go berserk and take
his revenge on the world
yet who knew after being banished this
time he did not go berserk and even
adjusted earnestly to banished life
there were no issues at all the only
problem was that maybe he was taking
things a little too seriously
sometimes he would busk at the End of
the Street expertly playing any
instrument and singing any songs and
even shattering Boulders on his chest as
part of his act while there had been
long word that his Royal Highness could
sing and dance and was a master of many
talents it was unbelievable to witness
all his talents in such a fashion truly
inspiring complicated feelings in anyone
who saw
sometimes he would diligently and humbly
collect straps
the deities were shocked to their cores
it was Unthinkable that things would
reach this point where now if one was to
say the son you gave birth to is the
Crown Prince of Chen lay it would be a
curse more malicious than may you die
without Sons
he was once the noble and gracious Crown
Prince a Heavenly official who was part
of the Divine ranks but in truth no one
else had ever screwed up so badly and so
this was the story of the man who was
known as the laughingstock of the three
realms
after laughing those who were more
sentimental might also sigh the darling
of the heavens who once stood at such a
height and truly and thoroughly vanished
Divine statues collapsed a native
kingdom was destroyed and not a single
believer remained gradually he was
forgotten by the world thus no one knew
where he had drifted afterward
it was already a great shame to be
banished once no one would be able to
get back up after being banished twice
there's a scene break
at the end of page 21.
many more years passed suddenly one day
there was another huge Rumble in the sky
the heavens fell and the Earth cracked
the ground trembled and the mountains
shook
the lanterns of everlasting light
shuddered the fire lights danced in Fury
and all the Heavenly officials inside
their Golden Palaces jolted awake every
one of them running out to ask each
other which new dignitary has ascended
such a grandiose entrance yet who knew
they had exclaimed in Wonder the first
second but in the next all the deities
of Heaven were Thunderstruck
weren't you done
that Infamous weirdo the laughing stock
of the three realms the legendary Royal
Highness the Crown Prince he he he
[__] ascended again
it's the expletive it's the expletive
it's the he [__]